README.md, before:

# nhd-romer-v-evans
 
This is the code repository for my [National History Day Project](https://www.nhd.org/), for the 2019-2020 competition. My submission is in the Junior Website Category.

 ## Project Information

National History Day, or NHD, is a competition in the United States where middle and high school students build projects about history, pertaining to a certain yearly theme. This year, the theme for all of the projects is "Breaking Barriers".

My project is called Romer v. Evans: A Landmark in Colorado's Gay Rights movement. This is a website highlighting the history of gay rights in my home state of Colorado, and how an amendment to our state constitution was challenged to the United States Supreme Court

 ## Limitations

All NHD projects are hosted in the NHD site editor, an editor that supports HTML, CSS, but no JS.

Each website can have up to "1,200 visible, student-composed words", with code used to create the site and alternate tags for images being exempt. [For a full list of exemptions, look at section E2 of the NHD contest rule book.](https://www.nhd.org//sites/default/files/Contest-Rule-Book_2.pdf)

The entire site is capped at 100MB of file space, and you are not allowed to embed content like YouTube videos to circumvent the size limit.

## Contributions

[As per the contest rules (section E1),](https://www.nhd.org//sites/default/files/Contest-Rule-Book_2.pdf), I cannot accept direct contributions of content or code to the site, but I greatly appreciate feedback about site content, design, and any bugs you might come across. These can be made in the Issues tab. Thank you so much! ❤️

 ## License
 
[The content and code of this site is licensed under the MIT license](LICENSE), but embedded content of this site are owned by their respective owners. 
 
 **DISCLAIMER:** NHD rules do not allow code/content from this site to be used on other NHD competition entries.

Commit message:

Add note about domain transfer to vercel

README.md, after:

# nhd-romer-v-evans
 
**Currently, the domain nhd.jameskerrane.com is not working. This is because I am in the middle of changing all of my default branches from "master" to "main". This has required me to switch from GitHub Pages to Vercel, so for now the domain is processing. In the mean time, please use the URL https://nhd-romer-v-evans.vercel.app/. Thank you!**

This is the code repository for my [National History Day Project](https://www.nhd.org/), for the 2019-2020 competition. My submission is in the Junior Website Category.

 ## Project Information

National History Day, or NHD, is a competition in the United States where middle and high school students build projects about history, pertaining to a certain yearly theme. This year, the theme for all of the projects is "Breaking Barriers".

My project is called Romer v. Evans: A Landmark in Colorado's Gay Rights movement. This is a website highlighting the history of gay rights in my home state of Colorado, and how an amendment to our state constitution was challenged to the United States Supreme Court

 ## Limitations

All NHD projects are hosted in the NHD site editor, an editor that supports HTML, CSS, but no JS.

Each website can have up to "1,200 visible, student-composed words", with code used to create the site and alternate tags for images being exempt. [For a full list of exemptions, look at section E2 of the NHD contest rule book.](https://www.nhd.org//sites/default/files/Contest-Rule-Book_2.pdf)

The entire site is capped at 100MB of file space, and you are not allowed to embed content like YouTube videos to circumvent the size limit.

## Contributions

[As per the contest rules (section E1),](https://www.nhd.org//sites/default/files/Contest-Rule-Book_2.pdf), I cannot accept direct contributions of content or code to the site, but I greatly appreciate feedback about site content, design, and any bugs you might come across. These can be made in the Issues tab. Thank you so much! ❤️

 ## License
 
[The content and code of this site is licensed under the MIT license](LICENSE), but embedded content of this site are owned by their respective owners. 
 
 **DISCLAIMER:** NHD rules do not allow code/content from this site to be used on other NHD competition entries.
